Align multi-cluster examples with new terminology (#4925)
istio/istio.io: content/en/docs/setup/install/multicluster/_index.md

---
title: Multi-cluster Installation
description: Configure an Istio mesh spanning multiple Kubernetes clusters.
weight: 30
aliases:
    - /docs/setup/kubernetes/multicluster-install/
    - /docs/setup/kubernetes/multicluster/
    - /docs/setup/kubernetes/install/multicluster/
keywords: [kubernetes,multi-cluster]
---

{{< tip >}}
Note that these instructions are not mutually exclusive.

> In a large multi-cluster mesh, composed from more than two clusters,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
In a large multi-cluster deployment, composed from more than two clusters,
```

a combination of the approaches can be used. For example,
two clusters might share a control plane while a third has its own.
{{< /tip >}}

> Refer to the [multi-cluster service mesh](/docs/concepts/deployment-models/#multiple-clusters)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refer to the [multi-cluster deployment model](/docs/concepts/deployment-models/#multiple-clusters)
```
